version:  1.9.0       date:  2015-01-22 19:03:34 2015 -0500

One entirely internal but significant change: the trigger signal (TRG) is now
delayed by 53.33 msec (16 samples at 300 Hz) relative to previous versions,
to bring it into alignment with the signal. The signal is delayed by this amount
due to the headset's built-in anti-aliasing filter.



version:  1.8.0       date:  2015-01-16 20:56:27 -0400

Added DSI_Headset_SetVerbosity method and improved debugging output under
certain conditions.



version:  1.7.1       date:  2014-12-03 21:00:22 -0400

Changed DSI_*_GetChannelByName functions so that Channels can be matched by the
aliases of their principal Source, as well as by its canonical name.


version:  1.7.0       date:  2014-11-28 04:24:28 -0400

Minor tweaks and additions:

- Added new functions DSI_Headset_GetChannelByName(h, name) and
  DSI_ProcessingStage_GetChannelByName(p, name) for completeness. 
- Channel specifications may now optionally be comma- instead of space-delimited. 
- Better demo code with better documentation (now called demo.c instead of test.c).



version:  1.6.2       date:  2014-10-31 18:32:28 -0400

Headsets are now initialized with the impedance driver turned off by default, so
API client code must now call DSI_Headset_StartImpedanceDriver(h) explicitly if
impedance measurements are needed. Any "locks" on analog-reset mode are also
released during initialization.


version:  1.6.1       date:  2014-10-31 15:16:46 -0400

Fixed Halloween Bug which would cause trouble when using headsets on Oct 31st
(and various other dates throughout the year).


version:  1.6.0       date:  2014-10-26 23:38:52 -0400

Added DSI_ProcessingStage methods as a hook for custom processing.

Renamed DSI_Channel_GetSignal(h) to DSI_Channel_CalculateRawSignal(h). This
makes it more explicit that the signals this returns are calculated from scratch
as a weighted combination of raw DSI_Source signals---this was counterintuitive
when the DSI_Channel in question was not a raw channel but rather a member of a
custom DSI_ProcessingStage.

For backward compatibility, the old name DSI_Channel_GetSignal(h) remains, but
now it delivers the buffered signal by calling DSI_Channel_LookBack(h,0), not
the from-scratch signal. In most cases, existing API client code that calls
DSI_Channel_GetSignal(h) will not be impacted by the difference.



version:  1.5.0       date:  2014-10-17 18:56:32 -0400

Headsets now call DSI_Headset_SetTraditionalReference(h, true) automatically
when they are initialized. This means that the EEG is referenced against
averaged ears or averaged mastoids by default,  rather than against the factory
reference Pz. Previously, API client code had to call
DSI_Headset_SetTraditionalReference explicitly---this is no longer necessary.  A
warning message (level 1) is issued if ears/mastoids are not found during
initialization (i.e. if the headset calibration memory does not contain a record
of ear or mastoid sensors).

"IsEEG" methods have been renamed to "IsReferentialEEG"---i.e. now use
DSI_Source_IsReferentalEEG(s) and DSI_Channel_IsReferentialEEG(c).

The more correct DSI_Source_IsReferentalEEG criterion is applied in deciding
whether DefaultReference should be applied (rather than just DSI_Source_IsSensor
as before).



version:  1.4.0       date:  2014-10-16 20:22:21 -0400

New DSI_Headset_GetImpedanceCMF(h) method saves API client code from having to
take the CMF impedance reading from one of the DSI_Source pointers (which used
to give meaningless readings if the DSI_Source in question did not happen to be
a referential EEG source).

New DSI_Source_IsEEG(s) and DSI_Channel_IsEEG(c) methods.

Added support for an expanded set of sensor position codes---among other things,
headset calibration memory can now encode the whole 10-10 system, the difference
between ear sensors and mastoid sensors, and the difference between external
bipolar sensors (X1, X2, X3) and unspecified sensors that are nonetheless known
to be part of the referential montage (S1, S2, S3, ...)



version:  1.3.0       date:  2014-10-13 17:51:46 -0400

New methods DSI_Headset_LockAnalogReset(h) and
DSI_Headset_ReleaseAnalogReset(h): call these to begin and end a
contact-optimization session: between them, signals will be invalid but
impedances will be updated continuously without the need for explicit
DSI_Headset_StartAnalogReset(h) calls.

Added two new DSI_Source identifiers: "CM" which is the common-mode signal, and
"NUL" which is a zero flat line (but which, unlike the factory reference source
Pz, is not classified as a sensor).

Internally, added support for new calibration memory layout---fields that
specify the version of the calibration-memory layout, and (if the version is
>=2) the position of the CMF sensor.

Operational improvements, and better sample code, in the Python wrapper.



version:  1.2.0       date:  2014-10-01 16:25:49 -0400

New method DSI_Source_GetDCOffset(s)



version:  1.1.0       date:  2014-09-25 20:07:18 -0400

Removed seldom-used trailing boolean argument from various C methods.



version:  1.0.0       date:  2014-08-30 16:19:25 -0400

First release.
